ho-other
========
This directory contains a Python script for running an experiment involving
an ice sheet with an elipsoidal "hump" shape on a flat base.  To run the
experiment, enter the following on a terminal command line:

python hump.py filename.config

This will run the script using the configuration file that you specify.
There are two configuration files, "hump.PBJ.config" and "hump.PP.config" in 
this directory.  The first ("PBJ") uses the Pattyn/Bocek/Johnson 
implementation of the higher-order approximation while the second ("PP") uses 
the Payne/Price implementation.  If you want to run the experiment using a 
different configuration file you can include that filename as the command line 
argument.

The script performs the following three steps:
1. Create a netCDF input file for Glimmer.
2. Run Glimmer, creating a netCDF output file.
3. Move any additional files written by Glimmer to the "scratch" subdirectory.

The netCDF files are written in the "output" subdirectory. This is controlled
by a parameter in the configuration file so if you use your own configuration
file the output may be written elsewhere.  Unless someone changed them since I 
wrote this, "hump.PBJ.config" and "hump.PP.config" each include the lines:

[CF input]
name = output/hump.nc

and

[CF output]
name = output/hump.out.nc

which are what direct the output to the "output" subdirectory.

PREREQUISITES:
In order to use the hump.py script, you will need to have Python and one of the
following Python modules installed:
Scientific.IO.NetCDF, netCDF4, or pycdf

To view the results use ncview or another utility for viewing netCDF files.

WARNING: If you have files with names ending ".txt", ".log", or ".nc" in the
directory from which you are running hump.py they will get moved to the 
"scratch" subdirectory when you run hump.py.  In addition, if you use a
configuration file that specifies netCDF files (with names ending ".nc") are
to be written in the current directory, they will get moved to the "scratch"
subdirectory after they are written.

