ho-other
========
This directory contains two Python scripts for running an experiment involving
an ice sheet with an elipsoidal "hump" shape on a flat base.  To run the
experiment, enter the following on a terminal command line:

For a serial job: python hump.py filename.config
For a parallel job: hump.py parallel_filename.config number_of_processors

If you want to run in parallel, the configuration file and number of processors 
must be specified (but can be 1). If no parameters are specified, the code will 
run in serial using the 'hump.config' configuration file. Otherwise, it will run 
the script using the configuration file that you specify.
There are two configuration files, "hump.PBJ.config" and "hump.PP.config" in 
this directory.  The first ("PBJ") uses the Pattyn/Bocek/Johnson 
implementation of the higher-order approximation while the second ("PP") uses 
the Payne/Price implementation.  The "PP" version currently has evolution=0
so the ice sheet evolves, which exercises the new solvers being developed and 
assessed with this test case. 

The script performs the following three steps:
1. Create a netCDF input file for Glimmer.
2. Run Glimmer, creating a netCDF output file.
3. Move any additional files written by Glimmer to the "scratch" subdirectory.

The netCDF files are written in the "output" subdirectory. This is controlled
by a parameter in the configuration file so if you use your own configuration
file the output may be written elsewhere.  Unless someone changed them since I 
wrote this, "hump.PBJ.config" and "hump.PP.config" each include the lines:

[CF input]
name = output/hump.nc

and

[CF output]
name = output/hump.out.nc

which are what direct the output to the "output" subdirectory.

PREREQUISITES:
In order to use the hump.py script, you will need to have Python and one of the
following Python modules installed:
Scientific.IO.NetCDF, netCDF4, or pycdf

To view the results use ncview or another utility for viewing netCDF files.

WARNING: If you have files with names ending ".txt", ".log", or ".nc" in the
directory from which you are running hump.py they will get moved to the 
"scratch" subdirectory when you run hump.py.  In addition, if you use a
configuration file that specifies netCDF files (with names ending ".nc") are
to be written in the current directory, they will get moved to the "scratch"
subdirectory after they are written.

